Add Arch / Manjaro section for Linux setup instructions (#10509)
qmk/qmk_firmware: docs/newbs_getting_started.md

    python3 -m pip install --user qmk

> #### Community packages
> 
> **NOTE**: These packages are maintained by a community member

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Community Packages

These packages are maintained by community members, so may not be up to date or completely functional. If you encounter problems, please report them to their respective maintainers.
```

> On Arch-based distros you can install the CLI from the official repositories:
> 
>     sudo pacman -S qmk
> 
> You can also try the `qmk` package from AUR (**NOTE**: this package at the time of writing marks some dependencies as optional that should not be):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On Arch-based distros you can install the CLI from the official repositories (NOTE: at the time of writing this package marks some dependencies as optional that should not be):

    sudo pacman -S qmk

You can also try the `qmk` package from AUR:
```
Looks like it is actually the "official" package that has the dependency issues.
